### questions
1. Word Distance: You have a large text file containing words. Given any two words, find the shortest
  distance (in terms of number of words) between them in the file. If the operation will be repeated
  many times for the same file (but different pairs of words), can you optimize your solution?
  * create a hash map, map the word to it's indexes int text file
  * take words, two sorted array
  * brute force we can traverse the file just once
2. BiNode: Consider a simple data structure called BiNode, which has pointers to two other nodes.
  public class BiNode {public BiNode nodel, node2;public int data;}
  The data structure BiNode could be used to represent both a binary tree (where nodel is the left
  node and node2 is the right node) or a doubly linked list (where nodel is the previous node and
  node2 is the next node). Implement a method to convert a binary search tree (implemented with
  BiNode) into a doubly linked list. The values should be kept in order and the operation should be
  performed in place (that is, on the original data structure).
  * in-order traversal
3. Re-Space: Oh, no! You have accidentally removed all spaces, punctuation, and capitalization in a
  lengthy document. A sentence like "I reset the computer. It still didn't boot!"
  became "iresetthecomputeri tstilldidntboot''. You'll deal with the punctuation and capitalization
  later; right now you need to re-insert the spaces. Most of the words are in a dictionary but
  a few are not. Given a dictionary (a list of strings) and the document (a string), design an algorithm
  to unconcatenate the document in a way that minimizes the number of unrecognized characters.
  EXAMPLE:
  Input: jesslookedjustliketimherbrother
  Output: jess looked just like tim her brother (7 unrecognized characters)
  * dynamic programming
4. Smallest K: Design an algorithm to find the smallest K numbers in an array
    * partition
5. Longest Word: Given a list of words, write a program to find the longest word made of other words in the list.
    * put to hash map
    * sub string i->j
6. The Masseuse: A popular masseuse receives a sequence of back-to-back appointment requests
  and is debating which ones to accept. She needs a 15-minute break between appointments and
  therefore she cannot accept any adjacent requests. Given a sequence of back-to-back appointment
  requests (all multiples of 15 minutes, none overlap, and none can be moved), find the optimal
  (highest total booked minutes) set the masseuse can honor. Return the number of minutes.
    * dynamic programming
    * 
7. Multi Search: Given a string band an array of smaller strings T, design a method to search b for
  each small string in T.
    * tries
8. Shortest Supersequence: You are given two arrays, one shorter (with all distinct elements) and one
  longer. Find the shortest subarray in the longer array that contains all the elements in the shorter
  array. The items can appear in any order.
    * dynamic programming
9. Missing Two: You are given an array with all the numbers from 1 to N appearing exactly once,
  except for one number that is missing. How can you find the missing number in O(N) time and
  0(1) space? What if there were two numbers missing?
10. Continuous Median: Numbers are randomly generated and passed to a method. Write a program
  to find and maintain the median value as new values are generated.